senior Hamas leader ishma hania has
accused the United States for
encouraging the bombing of the al- Ali
Arab hospital he blamed the
International Community for allowing
Israel to commit war
crimes they are committing crimes
against the Palestinians those are the
same who committed this genocide in
alahi hospital they also committed the
genocide at Sabra shatila and albak
school they killed prisoners from the
Egyptian army they also violated all the
values we know all the values that all
human beings know this occupation should
bear the responsibility of bombarding
and bombing a hospital and a school and
a mosque in the same place they are
responsible for this crime the United
States is responsible for this crime
because it gave the permission and
allowed the enemy and the occupation to
commit those war crimes this genocide
this Collective genocide they are
responsible for it everyone who gave
their permission in the security Council
in the United Nations are committing
what is happening all those are
responsible for spilling this blessed
blood shed by this enemy that is
violating our land and our holy sites